Hello and welcome back to the course on Tablo and I'm sure that somewhere deep down at the bottom of
your heart you knew that inevitably this section would come up.
This section is on Dodik cleaning and data preparation and because we are working with daughter we're
visualizing it and we're interrogating is we're performing dotter explorations and so on.
Of course we have to prepare our daughter first before we do anything with it.
And from my experience the work of a data scientist involves at least 70 percent 70 percent of the time
you are preparing data you cleaning it you're getting rid of all the noise you're putting it together
you're trying to understand it you're formatting in the right way for the right tools and so on.
So that is pretty much 70 percent of our work.
And of course this subject now came up in Tablo but I'm very excited for you that you are watching this
section and not just skipping over it because it is a very important topic when working with Tablo.
And moreover starting from Tableau version 9 a lot of new features were introduced that allow you to
simplify the process of cleaning and preparing your daughter for analysis.
And I want to make sure that you take advantage of these new features in your work.
So we'll be talking about tools like the daughter interpreter in Tablo we will be talking about pivoting
our data splitting our daughter looking at the metadata grid and I also show you how to be prepared
for some errors that might come up when you're working with maps and geographical data and how to easily
get rid of those errors.
And as I find new things that I would like to convey to you through you know through in the coming months
I will make sure to update this section so you're always prepared and you are at the top of your game
with daughter preparation so that you can shave some time off of that data preparation and data cleaning
that you have to do before you can actually visualize and analyze your data.
So it's going to be very powerful and useful section.
And I look forward to seeing you throughout this tour.
Until next time happy analyzing